Second Xiao, why are you here?
The shopkeeper's big deal is not good
I went to the lady boss last night and found that the door was open
The house is a mess
The lady boss is gone, dead and gone
Unexpectedly, Lin Yi has a good eye.
This little lady is really looking a little strong.
But Xiangguo
If we do this and the government finds out
That's going to jail.
I have no way out
It was all forced by Lin Yi
Can't blame me.
You let me go
Otherwise, I won't forgive you.
I'll tell you what.
You were arrested to make public opinion
Transfer his entire estate to me
Then that golden sign will be mine
No way. He wouldn't do that.
Are you that important to him?
He could totally marry another woman. Shut up
Fortunately, he is your grandfather.
What are you doing here?
Go away
Bad mood
Why did you lose your wife?
Huang according to
I told you, if anything happens, you come at me
Where did you hide the private chat?
Tell me where he is
Want to know
You will transfer all the property to me
Including this gold sign
Even if I die
You can't see him.
You, you give or not?